Add instructions on how to disable signatures (#28)
crate/cratedb-tableau-connector: README.md

For older versions see https://help.tableau.com/current/pro/desktop/en-us/examples_connector_sdk.htm

## Disabling signature verification.

The current release of the connector is not signed. This issue is being addressed, but in the meantime, verification can be disabled.

> * On `Tableau Desktop`, you use this command: `-DDisableVerifyConnectorPluginSignature=true`

Reviewer: It looks like `-Dsomething` is an argument, and not the full command?

```suggestion
* On _Tableau Desktop_, please use this command-line argument: `-DDisableVerifyConnectorPluginSignature=true`
```

> * On `server`, you can disable signature verification by setting `native_api.disable_verify_connector_plugin_signature` to `true` via TSM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* On _Tableau Server_, you can disable signature verification by setting `native_api.disable_verify_connector_plugin_signature` to `true` via TSM.
```
